# leetcodepractices
leetcode histories


1. scrum / agile: weekly standup meeting
2. jira: service tickets managing system

3. self introduction exp: 

Dear Recruiters,

My name is Xinyue Xiang and I am currently a Final Year Computer Science Student at the University of Alberta. I am interested in pursuing a Software Engineer full-time position and have enclosed my resume and background information below.

I have a strong background in Software Engineering since I have previously completed 8 months Coop in Willowglen Systems in Canada worked as Software Developer as well as finished 4 months internship in NetEase which is one of the top 5 IT companies in China working as a Software Developer.

Through the experience of Willwoglen Systems, firstly, I designed and implemented several features of the SCADA system such as monitoring and calling with Ext.js and C++, which allowed communications between each station and trains. Secondly, I built a responsive GUI with internal CSS libraries, which enhanced user experience by over 30%. Thirdly, I enforced the feature’s resilience by writing unit tests with Python, shorten downtime by 20%. 

Also, I gained lots of software development experience in NetEase. First, I architected an AC controlling system with React and Redux, which allows users to find the nearest AC and adjust the temperature, wind speed, and mode. It saved customers’ time and effort by over 90% compared to the manual method.
Second, I designed the UI of the AC system with the Product Manager. Lastly, I cooperated and actively communicated with the backend team to develop and maintain the data API for the frontend.

Given my background in Artificial Intelligence, I worked for the University of Alberta as a Research Assistant for one and half a year. On the one hand, I developed an application of Machine Learning in audiology. Used the CNN network to train a voice classification model with TensorFlow and Keras. And I wrote a paper about voice classification in the audiology field and the paper got accepted by Applied Sciences https://www.mdpi.com/2076-3417/11/12/5659. (IF=2.679; CiteScore=3.0). On the other hand, I designed and developed a literacy training web application using React, Redux, and jQuery. And I Implemented the google login authentication system with Firebase for the first time. Due to the user experience, transferred to the backend to use Node.js, MongoDB, and AWS.


4. typescript: react中常用的一个变形.
5. express.Js: 管理数据, 针对node js的一个框架, 做api用. 
6. docker: 快速将软件打包的一个容器, 编完后production出品封装用的(测试, 部署).
7. REST API: 前段用get, post读取数据类.
8. JSON: JS存储数据的格式.
9. AWS: 云服务, 细读. EC2 (instance, virtual machine) 和 S3(database), amplify - 和 ec2 对应, dynamo db - 和 S3 对应
10. api: 即Object oriented programming, 
11. AI: CNN- convolutional neural network 数据分类, CV- computer vision 图像识别, natural language processing. etc.
        简谈想应用AI做个聊天机器人 blabla. (用NLP - natural language processing: 自然语言处理), 远程实景用CV技术.
        
12. 






